[VOICE OVER] Mobile devices have their
own set of best practices when it comes
to protecting credit card data.
Always be aware of how vulnerable these
devices are because of how easily they
can be lost or stolen.
Make sure you have some type of passcode or
biometric lock in place to secure the device.
Never use a mobile device to text full cardholder
information or to take or send a picture to
“save” credit card information for processing later.
It might seem like a convenient thing to do; however,
this is not secure as messages and photos going
through text can be hacked.
If you take credit cards for your organization on
mobile devices, ideally, you should do so on a
dedicated phone or tablet that has no other
applications on it.
Since it is not always possible to do that or
take credit card information in a fully secured
environment, make sure you use a validated card
reader that encrypts the data and can process the
latest security features built into credit cards.
Let’s take a moment and complete an exercise
covering the best practices we have been reviewing.